Data may say it all, but former auto industry executives are setting the record straight on the electric vehicle push.

Former Ford, Chrysler and General Motors executive Bob Lutz and ex-Chrysler Chairman and CEO Bob Nardelli told Fox News Digital that while electric vehicles (EVs) could change the entire auto industry, thus far, it's been handled all wrong.

"In the short term, I'm afraid, it's going to be a challenge," Nardelli said. "It's going to be a challenge to convince the consumer that the EV is a reliable and affordable means of transportation."

"You could see what's happening out there," he continued. "We're seeing the cascading effect of a failed initiative."
-------------

David Pierce, writing on tech site The Verge, said: “After many days of testing, the one and only thing I can truly rely on the AI Pin to do is tell me the time”.

Several reviewers mentioned seemingly poor battery life requiring multiple charges throughout the day.

Joanna Stern from the Wall Street Journal was among those who said she could feel the pin getting hot as she was wearing it.

Jeronimo has not responded to the BBC's request for comment but Sam Sheffer, head of new media at Humane, accepted on X (formerly Twitter) that the software “was not where it needs to be”.

citation: https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cljdnw77ge6o
-----------------

"From the trajectory point of view, it's probably harder to reach than Jupiter," says Ignacio Clerigo, spacecraft operations manager of BepiColombo, the European Space Agency's ongoing mission to Mercury, a project Mari's work is contributing to.

These difficulties mean that Mercury has been less well-studied than our other neighbours. Two previous missions – Mariner 10 and Messenger – had flown close enough to map its surface, which is pockmarked with craters – and revealed some major surprises about its structure.

citation:
https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20240410-mercury-the-solar-systems-smallest-planet-may-once-have-been-as-large-as-earth
--------------
